NMS-14613  Quick Start: Login and create a user (#5170)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/deep-dive/user-management/user-groups.adoc

[[ga-user-groups]]
= Groups

A group is a collection of users.
Organizing users into groups helps with notifications and lets you assign a set of users to on-call roles to build more complex notification workflows.

[[ga-user-group-create]]

> == Create a User Group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Create a user group
```

> . Log in as a user with administrative permissions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Log in as a user with admin permissions.
```

> . Click the gear icon in the top right.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click the gear icon at the top-right of the screen.
```

> . Choose menu:Configure OpenNMS[Configure Users, Groups and On-Call roles > Configure Groups].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Choose menu:Configure OpenNMS[Configure Users, Groups and On-Call Roles > Configure Groups].
```

. Specify a group name and description and click *OK*.
+

> WARNING: Note that you cannot use angle brackets (<>), single (') and double quotation marks ("), and the ampersand symbol (&) in the group name.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
WARNING: You cannot use angle brackets (<>), single (') and double quotation marks ("), or the ampersand symbol (&) in the group name.
```

. Add users to the group by selecting them from the *Available Users* column and using the arrows to move them to the *Currently in Group* column.
. (Optional) Assign categories of responsibility to the group, such as Routers, Switches, Servers, etc.

> . (Optional) Create a <<deep-dive/user-management/user-config.adoc#ga-user-schedule, set a duty schedule>>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. (Optional) Create a <<deep-dive/user-management/user-config.adoc#ga-user-schedule, duty schedule>>.
```

. Click *Finish*.

> NOTE: Users will receive notifications in the order in which the user appears in the group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Users will receive notifications in the order in which they appear in the group.
```

IMPORTANT: If you delete a user group, no one receives a notification that the group has been deleted.

> If the group is associated with a schedule, that schedule will no longer exist, and users associated with that group will no longer receive notifications previously specified in the schedule.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the group is associated with a schedule, that schedule will no longer exist, and users associated with that group will no longer receive notifications previously specified in the schedule.

```

[[ga-user-groups]]
= Groups

A group is a collection of users.
Organizing users into groups helps with notifications and lets you assign a set of users to on-call roles to build more complex notification workflows.

[[ga-user-group-create]]
== Create a user group

. Log in as a user with admin permissions.
. Click the gear icon at the top-right of the screen.
. Choose menu:Configure OpenNMS[Configure Users, Groups and On-Call Roles > Configure Groups].
. Specify a group name and description and click *OK*.
+
WARNING: You cannot use angle brackets (<>), single (') and double quotation marks ("), or the ampersand symbol (&) in the group name.

. Add users to the group by selecting them from the *Available Users* column and using the arrows to move them to the *Currently in Group* column.

> . (Optional) Assign categories of responsibility to the group, such as Routers, Switches, Servers, and so on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. (Optional) Assign categories of responsibility to the group (Routers, Switches, Servers, and so on).
```

. (Optional) Create a <<deep-dive/user-management/user-config.adoc#ga-user-schedule, duty schedule>>.
. Click *Finish*.

NOTE: Users will receive notifications in the order in which they appear in the group.

> IMPORTANT: If you delete a user group, no one receives a notification that the group has been deleted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
IMPORTANT: If you delete a group, no one receives a notification that it has been deleted.
```
